all right my name is Dave Brett and I'm
going to show you the newest thing we've
been working on in the South Hills
Department of rats and it's got the
polar winter hey welcome to my house
basically always two lasers inside the
metal housing that fits into my clip and
when it's for us to indicate where the
rejection zones are for hyper-cardioid
and supercardioid mines now if you look
at the sheet for the microphone there's
a polar pattern based difficult diagram
for supercar anyway and those areas
where it dips in are the maximum
rejections of ideally we want to get our
ledges in those positions to minimize
feedback - lasers come out so we get my
clearly cover up there my supercar you a
rejection zone
put my mic flat in the clip I know where
that is it's using my stairs but that
would mean that my wedding would be
optimally located if I put them about 10
or 15 feet out the middle
you know put our weddings there we put
our wedges here in order to get her
weddings there we have to tilt the bike
and point it out now of course I'm not
talking about people that are riding
around the mind just get a fixed
position Mike and clip or singing put
some I can put so in order to get
maximum projection get the legends of
the maximum rejection area we need a
good tilt conventional placement one and
two with a super body they might now if
we do that with a hyper-cardioid Mike
can't see it to us this way I
coordinated by tilted it puts the wedges
behind the singer with the bike tipton
if we want to get wedges in conventional
areas or Mike angle go closer to flat
and then put some legs there and you can
see another wedge there so Mike angle
text where the wedges go and type with
Mike so whether to use a super cardioid
mic or hype according to Mike and where
to put the wedges and an easy way to
optimize those hands drop this into the
mic clip and set your mic clip angle and
place where these alright
that's the polar pointer made it thought
it'd be useful to kind of cool way to
fine-tune